README.md, before:

# MaterialActivityIndicator

[![CI Status](http://img.shields.io/travis/nspavlo/MaterialActivityIndicator.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/nspavlo/MaterialActivityIndicator)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/MaterialActivityIndicator.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/MaterialActivityIndicator)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/MaterialActivityIndicator.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/MaterialActivityIndicator)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/MaterialActivityIndicator.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/MaterialActivityIndicator)

![Material activity indicator in Swift](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nspavlo/MaterialActivityIndicator/master/preview.gif)

## Example

To run the example project, clone the repo, and run `pod install` from the Example directory first.

## Installation

MaterialActivityIndicator is available through [CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org). To install
it, simply add the following line to your Podfile:

```ruby
pod 'MaterialActivityIndicator'
```

## License

MaterialActivityIndicator is available under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more info.

Commit message:

Add requirement, usage and author sections

README.md, after:

# MaterialActivityIndicator

[![CI Status](http://img.shields.io/travis/nspavlo/MaterialActivityIndicator.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/nspavlo/MaterialActivityIndicator)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/MaterialActivityIndicator.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/MaterialActivityIndicator)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/MaterialActivityIndicator.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/MaterialActivityIndicator)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/MaterialActivityIndicator.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/MaterialActivityIndicator)

`MaterialActivityIndicatorView` is a drop in replacement for `UIActivityIndicatorView`

## Example

![Material activity indicator in Swift](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nspavlo/MaterialActivityIndicator/master/preview.gif)  
To run the example project, clone the repo, and run `pod install` from the Example directory first.

## Requirements

This pod requires a deployment target of iOS 9.3 or greater

## Installation

MaterialActivityIndicator is available through [CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org). To install
it, simply add the following line to your Podfile:

```ruby
pod 'MaterialActivityIndicator'
```

## Usage

```Swift
let indicator = MaterialActivityIndicatorView()
indicator.startAnimating()
```

## Author

[@JansPavlovs 👨‍💻](https://twitter.com/JansPavlovs)

## License

MaterialActivityIndicator is available under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more info.
